Ponyboy changes throughout the book when pony and johnny run that's when his changes start johnny and pony are convicts for killing bob.. After they run away when they are at the church johnny has bleach. Johnny cuts ponyboy's hair as he screamed ow .then bleached his hair. Then pony cuts johnny's hair for payback i guess. When  johnny died pony will never be the same without his best friend. This could cause depression but i dont think pony will be depressed he knows johnny had the best life he could of had.

   
his perspective changes. When johnny and dally died. his perspective changed on death/living. he looks at the gangs differently when one of the socs talks to pony. about bob's death. And after the rumble when they beat the socs they were all happy. when johnny stabbed bob the socs knew that greasers could do more than what they thought. Or even when cherry valance explains to him that there is more to socs than money.


The gang changes from the beginning to the end when they beat the socs they were all happy and ready to party. But when johnny died that's when stuff happens. Dally broke he was going crazy. He went to the magazine store after johnny died. He ripped up some magazines and pulled a gun on the clurk then took the money. When dally was leaving the man shot at him. Then he called darry to meet him at the park so the whole gang was going there. when they saw the cops chasing after him they started shooting at him. And he died from the shots.  I feel like that had a big impact on the gang wen two members died the same night.


I feel like all the other people looked at greasers differently after. Most adults just thought they were kids just playing around. Now they know to keep their kids away from that life. And the parents of johnny probably regret hitting him all the time. And the amount of deaths that have happened would make the city a bit jumpy.

 The socs change when one of their members died that was one of there best buds that died in front of them. They will probably not be so mean to the greasers for a while. They might not even go out for a while. I bet cherry will be very upset to here about johnny's death and dallys. That will suck for her cause she just lost her boyfriend. 


